# Screencasts

Screencasts involve recording your computer screen while cycling through
your slides and talking over them as if you are recording the full
videos. This provides an opportunity to practice for your big day in the
studio. We'll also review the overall presentation and provide feedback
in plenty of time for you to make adjustments.

It's best to keep this step as simple as possible. If you're using a
Mac, we recommend using QuickTime Player to record your screen. If you
are on Windows, there are plenty of free software options available for
screen recording including [Icecream Screen
Recorder](http://icecreamapps.com/Screen-Recorder/) and
[CamStudio](http://camstudio.org/).

Save all of the screencasts in a single directory called `screencasts/`
somewhere on your computer, **but not in your course repo**. The reason
for this is that the video files are too large and won't play nicely
with Git and GitHub. Instead, once all recordings are complete, we
suggest using a free cloud-based file sharing service like Dropbox, Box,
or Google Drive to share the `screencasts/` directory with us. Please
use simple, organized naming conventions for the files, similar to what
you did with the slides (e.g. `ch2_3` for the third screencast in
chapter 2).

Once we've received the screencasts, we'll upload them to DataCamp so
that they appear in your course as placeholders for the full videos. We
can then review them in context, alongside the rest of the exercises,
and provide feedback in preparation for your time in the studio.
